no
but all guys here jay so late
thanks to and today I am here for
show you a brand new league
it does n't surprise me to do bling bling
lines of dinars and the first thing
guys as usual for the new team
elite will serve a friend and as a second
place to buy it rebel as you see me
I already bought it for who I am
prepared before, however, would understand
get out of your garage and you have to do
enter your friend on the side of the
passenger
I recommend you put your privacy
let's say 10 how to say access to
vehicle to everyone so that yours
friend can also become a driver
after letting him in
you owe yourself the santos races custom
before entering, however, let's say stop
makes to lift the gate and calls
a mechanical lameri weather once
which will appear once
so the options will be poufs
here or even those of the mechanic is
indifferent you can enter inside
you don't have to take this off
therefore it should not have rim
hicks you will have to get off the far vehicle
go your friend behind the wheel and then
remove these options
then take any random vehicle
even go to foot only one minute
vehicle because they are stopped thousand thousand
years you will have to go where to go to
yours in your garage and take
the car you want to duplicate and vi
I advise you to take all the precise steps
precise because I lost two or three
machines to be able to do this
he wins as you see my garage
and somewhat somewhat empty for this
cliché I took the Arctic people then
you will have to take your vehicle
like saying I'm doing now
your friend will always have to stay
inside the rebel inside the holy scafa
you will not have to move a duty goes down
to the machine if leaving the machine
the lecce does not work anymore and you will have to
start all over again of course
then take your vehicle
this case the gesta rb gives again
the custom status to enter where
you have to do the same procedure as that
we have done both before and using the
mechanic as you see I'm doing
now that she sees me as I do
done before
after having called him you will have to do so
enter inside as first descend from the
get out of your vehicle and throw away
out here so much total disasters e
throw your friend out of yours
vehicle in this way which you have to
be careful when you do this thing there
I advise you to throw it out you must
hold down triangle he must not
go down alone but if I have to where
throw out the lincoln one otherwise
è bell no one will be interested anymore
so you'll have to hold down triangle
and you will have to throw it out as you can see here
I was wrong because I pressed one
time only triangle get a degas
corner thrown out and he must stay
momentarily in garages then exited
from your rebel enter into the
jester or any other vehicle e
after doing do enter keeping
always the option of mary weather o
your friend's open mechanic
will have to go out I have to go out and now it opens
will have to go and get yours
machine that appeared on the radar this
unfortunately I didn't tell you about it
because I forgot it appeared
when when you just pulled out
your friend from the car if
I am not mistaken or in any case the icon has appeared
of your personal vehicle
should let your friend in
personal trodica and make it go more
far possible to return port for
however quite close though it is
far away ok you will have to make it go up
at the airport your car
after which he must come down and he must
place next to the machine then
you will have to stay where you are next to the
car then you have to call it rebel
because at the second time that by force
who love the mechanic you will have to call it
rebel and you will have to wait before
sell your car because
on the right in a few seconds next to
selection and the various options that are there
an orange circle had to appear a
sure song guys remember a
sure and there is not because I will fail
you lose the cars you sold
the vehicle you lost after this
will try dinner will be shot then will have
saved will perform let's say one
duplication of the vehicle so I priest
freely sell your vehicle
for glitch terminals we will need to do so
have come out of poor status a
take a random vehicle
I also present given in this case
i take the rebel consider you would give
because anyway if maybe sometimes
it can happen that
there are no cars at that intersection
so the rebel decided is because it is
yours and you can a lan for note
thanks to the nice so I recommend you
take that or anyway only loran
where you must enter both with the rebel and
with the random vehicle depending on the
your choice
enter your garage just
get off the vehicle the rebel sarah
disappeared and that yours instead
car your vehicle you have
sold it will be nice that new would have i
money you get the car is solved all
so no guys all away tends
waste need to make any comment
past summer there was discretion
a valeria price